don't commit
Don't commit the crime, you finally got into my hands,
You and Yechi are just playing the role of "little, little, little, little" to me,
Lin gun, let me go now,
Can you really let me go? Help me,
So help me, don't do it,
You say why you can't be like other women,
I'll kill you obediently, since you know so well,
Then I actually asked you to use the last method,
I'm really sad for you,
Do you really like batteries? What you have always liked is your value,
And the desire you only think about, isn’t it?
I am the most professional person in the world
But his eyes refused to look at me
But I have him in my heart but I can’t look at him
Neither you nor I want to
Do you also know what my best career is?
This is you
Do I want to take away this piece of your heart now?
I really hope Karma can see your disgusting look now
It's a pity that he and his
Because you're going to die soon, right?
You want to die, Lin Jia
Not even a single stroke of writing pen
It’s all you who saves autonomy itself
Who will eat it?
But the beating is no less severe
I still want to kill him
Are you worried when you hear about this case?
Would be so envious
why do you do this to me
discovered by you
I told you a long time ago
We didn't have anything to eat before
It's all returned by your own hands. I don't see you. I don't see you. I don't see you.
People in China give way
It's your own mouth and hands
You will always give me another chance to be with you
sent to hospital